Migrate dependency management to go modules (#917)
weaveworks/eksctl: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### 1. Set up your Go environment

This project is written in Go. To be able to contribute you will need:

1. A working Go installation of Go >= 1.12. You can check the
[official installation guide](https://golang.org/doc/install).

> 2. Make sure that `$(go env GOPATH)/bin` is in your shell's `PATH`. You can do so by

Reviewer: Why?

Author: I recall this was needed during the build. Let me double-check.

Author: `mockery` wasn't found otherwise, but I think I can fix it so that it looks for mockery in the right place.

Author: Fixed

   running `export PATH="$(go env GOPATH)/bin:$PATH"`

#### 2. Fork and clone the repo

Make a fork of this repository and clone it by running:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:<yourusername>/eksctl.git
```

> It is discouraged to clone under `go env GOPATH`. Otherwise you will need to set 

Reviewer: Sounds a bit weird and unclear... how about this?
```suggestion
It is not recommended to clone under `GOPATH`, otherwise you will need to set
```

Author: It's intentional, with `1.12` you don't need do `GOPATH` env variable anymore

Author: Although, we are losing clarify and friendliness for precision. I will change it.
